docs: Rewriting pages about editors (#2552)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/defining-a-common-ide.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle : Defining a common IDE
:description: Defining a common IDE
:keywords: select-IDE, che-editor, che-editor-yaml
:page-aliases: specifying-an-in-browser-ide-for-a-git-repository-by-using-che-editor.yaml.adoc, selecting-an-in-browser-ide-for-all-workspaces-that-clone-the-same-git-repository.adoc

[id="defining-a-common-ide"]
= Defining a common IDE

While the xref:url-parameter-for-the-cloud-ide.adoc[URL parameter for the cloud IDE] enables you to start a workspace with your personal choice of the supported IDE, you might find it more convenient to define the same cloud IDE, even with a more detailed IDE configuration, for all workspaces that will clone the same remote Git repository with your project source code. To do so, use the `che-editor.yaml` file.

> 

Reviewer: Here it would be worth adding a note that it is possible to specify the "common" IDE at the Che instance level (with the CheCluster `.spec.devEnvironments.defaultEditor`) whereas here it's about a "common" IDE at the repository level.

Author: @l0rd, I've addressed your request in this commit: https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-docs/pull/2552/commits/0b442cfa3e2a505bce22cdc25c9d693471550658. Please have a look.

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle : Defining a common IDE
:description: Defining a common IDE
:keywords: select-IDE, che-editor, che-editor-yaml
:page-aliases: specifying-an-in-browser-ide-for-a-git-repository-by-using-che-editor.yaml.adoc, selecting-an-in-browser-ide-for-all-workspaces-that-clone-the-same-git-repository.adoc

[id="defining-a-common-ide"]
= Defining a common IDE

> While the xref:url-parameter-for-the-ide.adoc[URL parameter for the IDE] enables you to start a workspace with your personal choice of the supported IDE, you might find it more convenient to define the same IDE, even with a more detailed IDE configuration, for all workspaces that will clone the same remote Git repository with your project source code. To do so, use the `che-editor.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: That's a really long and complex sentence. Can you make the wording simpler, please? Or chop the information up into multiple sentences.

Author: Wonderful! Thank you for suggesting this. I have rewritten and shortened this sentence.

> While the xref:url-parameter-for-the-ide.adoc[URL parameter for the IDE] enables you to start a workspace with your personal choice of the supported IDE, you might find it more convenient to define the same IDE, even with a more detailed IDE configuration, for all workspaces that will clone the same remote Git repository with your project source code. To do so, use the `che-editor.yaml` file.

Author: First try, thinking of a second try:
```suggestion
While the xref:url-parameter-for-the-ide.adoc[URL parameter for the IDE] enables you to start a workspace with your personal choice of the supported IDE, you might find it more convenient to define the same IDE for all workspaces for the same project source code Git repository. To do so, use the `che-editor.yaml` file. This file supports even a detailed IDE configuration.
```

> TIP: If you intend to start most or all of your organization's workspaces with the same IDE other than Microsoft Visual Studio Code - Open Source, an alternative is for the administrator of your organization's {prod-short} instance to specify another supported IDE as the default IDE at the {prod-short} instance level. This can be done with `.spec.devEnvironments.defaultEditor` in the `CheCluster` Custom Resource.

Reviewer 2: Very long, very complex. Can you make the tip more minimalistic, please?

Author: :) Yes, I know. I wish I could, but I'm afraid this is the shortest I can do because this sentence describes a very complex interdependence. And I can't break it down into more sentences. If I made it shorter, it would lose parts of its meaning, which is what I'd like to avoid.

Reviewer 2: How about this:
If you are an administrator of your organization's {prod-short} instance, you can use the `.spec.devEnvironments.defaultEditor` value in the `CheCluster` Custom Resource to specify a different supported IDE as the default at the {prod-short} instance level.
